ok hello guys it's Alex you're the
renegade tech and I'm about to do a room
/ desk tour I've been done one of these
in a while and I thought what I do one
and because my setup has actually
changed a ton since i last showed you
guys only would think i've posted a
video without further ado let's go out
on get on into this okay guys it's Alex
here and this is my desk kind of set up
in work area I might in the future
include a full-length version with all
the whole room and stuff before I now
it's just going to be my desk in this
video so without further ado let's go
ahead and get on into this desk tour /
whatever this thing is so sorry for the
bad audio but I'm using the inboard mic
on my t2i and it sounds absolutely
terrible I hope to upgrade in the future
but without further ado let's get over
this so I guess I'll start from left to
right and we'll start with the harman
kardon soundsticks to sound 63 excuse me
I focus on them on this anyway these are
some some great speakers they run about
170 bucks normally I bought them on
black friday for 102 dollars in amazon
and they are absolutely amazing i'm
going to show you guys the sub under the
floor down here it's a pretty cool
little thing sits down there in the
corner of my room and produces nice bass
not too bad and then right here is my
lovely imac my editing computer is the
21 inch 2011 model and is quite useful
Brownback have some cables plugged up
and some stuff really simple
for my keyboard I use the one that came
with it and i also use the magic mouse
although i will be getting a logitech MX
performance revolution mouse sometime
soon now here is my TV let me go and
turn this on for you I actually use this
as a secondary monitor for watching
movies and similar stuff but when I'm
not doing that im using this as a gaming
thing for my xbox it is quite cool so
I'm bringing us to that this is actually
an excellent TV I got it for about three
hundred dollars so it's pretty good over
here we go to the xbox i also have my
xbox plug up to my Harman Kardon sound
system actually of a splitter so we can
do dual next one we plugged up right now
but you can do that here's another cool
thing at the xbox controller sitting
right there for a relatively easy access
or I want to turn it on and start
playing games and the number here is my
school laptop it is a macbook pro
13-inch 2012 this is kind of a game you
guys can see I like getting Mike Singh
ever it's kind of an audio recording and
peter / photo editing and mobile editing
station I really don't use this to do a
lot of busy videos it's kind of testing
work and stuff it's more for school and
just typing papers and crap when i'm
lazy one move around so the charger
hooked up over here really close as you
guys can see and it works great for me
also have some other crap sigma desk a
pencil funny to do homework a lens and
some call of duty cloudy d black ops 2
let's zoom move this they call you model
or four three black ops 2 halo for some
more recent games and that's pretty much
it also got this new desk here so this
is another deal on black friday i even
tell you guys about this there's a black
friday deal at staples about it's an l
desk and it was 49
no regular I think 120 bucks anyways so
I got a good deal on that i'll start to
show you guys my ray-bans yes everywhere
Ravens and there a sick pair of
sunglasses i love them and they're
awesome so yeah that's pretty much my
desk and basic i might add some more
stuff to what I do have my camera it
again there's a t2 i recording i'm
actually using a rig that i made off PVC
and all great so thanks guys I hope this
is it awesome quick room tour hope you
guys enjoyed without further ado I will
be leaving